these were the sons of Israel Reuben
Simeon Levi Judah Issachar Zebulun Dan
Joseph Benjamin Naphtali GAD and Asher
the sons of Judah were earth Onan and
Sheila these three were born to him by
the daughter of sure the Canaanite is
her the firstborn of Judah was wicked in
the sight of the Lord so he killed him
and tamer his daughter-in-law for him
Perez and zerah all the sons of Judah
were five the sons of Perez were hezron
and hable the sons of Zira
was Zimri Ethan Keemun calcio and Dhara
five of them in all
the son of Carmi was akin the traveler
of Israel who transgressed in the
accursed thing the son of Ethan was
Azariah also the sons of hezron who were
born to him word Jeremiah ran and kill
uber round begat a Minotaur and a minute
ab begat national leader of the children
of judah nation' they got Salma and
Salma begat bones Boaz begat obed and
Obed begat jesse jesse begat Alya his
first form AB inner dab the second
shaniyah the third Nathanael the fourth
redeye the fifth O's M the sixth and
David the seventh now their sisters was
Zahra aya and Abigail and the sons of
Zahra aya were a bashar Joe and sa-3
Abigail bore a Mesa and the father of a
Mesa was G thir the Ishmaelite caleb the
son of hezron had children by Zuba his
wife
and by Jerry earth now these were her
sons
Disha show bad and Arden when as Ubud
I'd Caleb took Efrat as his wife who
bore him her and her begat euro and EUR
I forgot
bezel now afterward hezron went in to
the daughter of maker the father of
Gilead whom he married when he was 60
years old and she bore him
sigue sigue begat Jo who had 23 cities
in the land of Gilead Keisha and Syria
took from them the towns of jail with
kena and its towns 60 tons all these
belong to the sons of maker the father
of Gilead after hezron died in caleb
Ephrathah ezrin's wife a badger for him
asha the father of Toccoa the sons of
jeremiah the firstborn of hezron were
Ron the firstborn and Buena orang ozium
and a Hydra
Jeremy L had another wife whose name was
iturra
she was the mother of una the sons of
ROM the firstborn of Jeremy L were
mayors Jamin and eco the sons of onam
were shamea and Jada
the sons of Shem AI when Nadab and Abihu
and the name of the wife of Abijah was a
behave and she bore him Arbonne and Mo
lead the sons of Nadab were see LED and
a peon Cielo died without children the
son of appium was a shy the son of ish I
was shi Shan and Shi Shan son was a lay
i the sons of Jada her brother of Shimei
I Vegeta and Jonathan Geetha died
without children the sons of Jonathan
were pilaf and Ziza
these were the sons of Jeremiah now she
shunned had no sons only daughters and
she Shan had an Egyptian servant whose
name was Gia
shi Shan gave his daughter to jaha his
servant as wife and she bore him a tie a
tie begat Nathan and Nathan begat Zabar
zeebad begat FAL and fel begat obed Obed
begat G Hugh and G Hugh begat Azariah
Azariah begat heelas and healers begat
eleazar eleazar begat sis my and sis my
begat shallow Shalem forgot Jack Amaya
and Jeremiah begat Elisha the
descendants of Caleb the brother of
Jeremiah where Misha is first born who
was the father of Ziff and the sons of
Mauritian the father of Hebron the sons
of Hebron were coda Tapia
Rican and Shima
Shima begat Ram the father of jakku
and Rican begat shamea and the son of
Shanna I was mayor and man was the
father of death sir Aoife Caleb's
concubine for Harun Moza
and gazes and Harun begat gazes and the
sons of JD I were Regan Jotham Geshem
pilot Aoife and sheriff may occur
Caleb's concubine for Sheba and tahina
she also bought shares the father of mad
manna Shiva the father of Mack bina and
the father of Gibeah and the daughter of
Caleb was AXA these were the descendants
of Caleb the sons of her the firstborn
of Ephrata were Shobha the father of
Kyra Kyra Salma the father of Bethlehem
and Harris the father of Beth Gayden and
shobun the father of Kia Jeff georan had
descendants aurora and half the families
of manure 'the the families of
kiriath-jearim were the eighth rights
the pure thoughts the schumer fights and
the mich react
from these came the szura fights and the
ashta alights the sons of Salma were
Bethlehem the net effects are FF Joab
half of ammonia bites and the zoo rights
and the families of the scribes who
dwelt at jay-bez were the Taira fights
the shimmy effects and the sukkah fights
these were the Kenites who came from
hamath the father of the house of recap
[Music]